PROMETHEUS 
=====
All layouts/workflows are created using the public **Prometheus** template here: https://github.com/seplveda/prometheus. Using this template enables us to build/devel/QAs quickly without having to think about all the ins and outs of making backends and frontends, because has config vite, typescript, django on Pipenv by default.

Django + Vite + React + Typescript = ðŸ˜
=====

## **Foundation**

TBD

### Install and Run
- Clone this repo or branch.
#### Backend
- `cd prometheus` 
- `git checkout prometheus-branch-template` - The branch by default is `main`, but you maybe check what feature are you looking first.
- `pipenv shell` - This will create a new env for the project.
- `pipenv install` - This will build/install the project dependencies of backend services
- `python backend/manage.py runserver` - Run this for check if server it's ok
  - run migrations with `python backend/manage.py makemigrations` and then `python backend/manage.py migrate` if you are checking some features on repo, you must run makemigrations with label app if is not generated by default, use this `python backend/manage.py makemigrations app_label`, app_label are in `apps.py` of every apps.
#### Frontend
- `cd prometheus` 
- `npm install` - This will build/install the project dependencies of frontend services
- `npm run dev` - Run this for check if frontend server it's ok

### File Structure (TBD)
- `layout_starters/src/pages` - each starter's main Inky (html) file.
- `layout_starters/src/partials` - reusable sections of code. For example, every page has the same social link section, so it is defined as a partial and added into each page with `{{> social}}`
- `layout_starters/src/assets/scss` - SASS files for each starter.  Each starter has its own .scss file which is included in the `app.scss` file.
- `layout_starters/finals` - The final version of HTML and CSS that is inserted into `ui_api` to be used as the starter body code.  These are not automatically generated files.  They need to be updated manually with every change (more on this below).
- `layout_starters/dist` - folder where all generated HTML is placed after each build.  This is the HTML that should be copied and modified for CIO after each modification is made to the Inky files.

### Production
- Build the frontend.
  - `npm run build` 
  - `python backend/manage.py collecstatic`
  - set `DEBUG=False`  on `backend/settings.py`
  - remove `re_path(r"^static/(?P<path>.*)$` from `backend/urls.py`
  - now, you are ready to GO!
